in enough heartache has another tragedy
to deal with tonight a popular and
respected high school football coach
murdered in front of his own team police
say coach Ed Thomas died after he was
shot in the weight room at his high
school in parkersburg this morning the
gunman according to the cops this man 24
year old Mark Becker he used to play for
Thomas and reportedly had a string of
recent arrests Thomas coached football
for 37 years in 05 he was named the
NFL's high school coach of the year for
his work at Arlington parkersburg high
school the superintendent there says
coach Thomas didn't just lead players he
made men listen but it wasn't about wins
and losses and about football was about
making them better young men and he
lived that daily he wanted them to be
better husband someday better citizens
Thomas had at least four former players
go on to the NFL one of them Jarrod
devries of the Detroit Lions local
reports say that he walked off the
practice field with an anguished look
when he heard the news this morning in
May of 2008 the tornado tore through
parkersburg it killed eight people level
Thomas's home destroyed his school's
football field Thomas set out to rebuild
that field in time for last year's
season last summer he spoke with a local
newspaper about what that project meant
for his boys in his town and here's some
of that it will probably the most normal
thing that we've had happen here since
May twenty-fifth it's an opportunity for
our football team to step up to be
example of the type of character that we
want to demonstrate get back up off the
ground let's get going again be
something positive for our community and
death so we're very excited and they
played very well his team went on to a
10 and 0 record last season made it to
the state's Emmys but this season those
boys will take the field without him
murdered in front of his players nine
people are dead and dozens more injured
and now some worry that that may be but
the beginning coming up why the fatal
training